This demo is page.
I mean, I didn't end up going through
each and every single one of these.
But a lot of what we did
is gonna be within these.
Probably the biggest confusing
one is going to be this last one.
So this one is a little bit more advanced.
But it's similar to what we are doing but
what we're doing in this demo is
we're using a buffer geometry.
So, instead of just saying a quasi
hedron geometry, you can always put
buffer in between and that's going to make
it a buffer geometry which is, remember
the difference with the regular geometry,
all the vertices are defined as vector 3s.
But with the buffer geometry,
all the vertices and
the vertex data is defined as flat arrays
of just x, y, z, x, y, z, x, y, z.
And with this,
we can actually use the flat arrays but
then add in additional attributes.
So in this case,
I'm adding in a random vector and
then in my shader,
I'm able to access these attributes.
So here I'm adding an attribute for
direction, and
adding an attribute for strength.
And then in my vertex shader,
I'm saying attribute vec3 randomDirection
attribute float randomStrength.
So that each of these triangles is getting
pushed out in a random direction and
with a random strength.
And so this demo is definitely
a little bit more advanced but
it's sort of building on the same
stuff we've been talking about.